Update _index.md (#12689)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/saml/_index.md

    * [Okta][15]
    * [SafeNet][16]

> 2. hover over your username and select Organization Settings. Select the [Login Methods][25] page and click on **Configure** under SAML.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the Datadog app, hover over your username and select Organization Settings. Select the [Login Methods][25] page and click on **Configure** under SAML.
```

> 2. In the Datadog app, hover over your username and select Organization Settings. Select the [Login Methods][25] page and click on **Configure** under SAML.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the Datadog app, hover over your username in the bottom left corner and select Organization Settings. Select [Login Methods][25] and click on **Configure** under SAML.
```
